Update PPP (#276)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp: docs/team/davidtan0527.md

**Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Improved code quality through OOP principles.
  * Created illustrations for various table states of the GUI.

**User Guide**:
  * Inline icons and buttons for better readability and aesthetics.
  * General integration of various parts of the guide.
  * Grammar and sentence fixes.

**Developer Guide**:
  * Model section of the program architecture.
  * Item sequence diagrams under **Implementation** section.
  * Use cases related to `Item`.
  * Proof-reading.
  * Enhance styling for PDF version.
  * General UML diagram enhancements.

**Team-based tasks**:
  * Setting up github team organisation and repository.
  * Morphing the old code bases's model to our desired model. PR: [#25](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/pull/25)
  * Factoring the styles of UML entities into an easily reusable structure. PR: [#259](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/pull/259)

**Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [#69](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/pull/69), [#108](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/pull/108), [#135](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/pull/135)

>   * Reported bug founds and provided suggestions for another group's project: [PE-D repository](https://github.com/DavidTan0527/ped)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Reported bugs found and provided suggestions for another group's project: [PE-D repository](https://github.com/DavidTan0527/ped)
```

Author: Oopsss, thanks for the catch XD
